[Music]
hello to all friends a greeting the panne e
which is well back in this new video
of the Friday morning that it will become
habit now for my penalty or
I will show you where it is absurd and
precisely what makes today
as you can see I am going to the place in
which is found for these two days up
on Sunday morning more precisely a
left in front of the speaker's stairs
you see the front of the door here it is here and
gilt of the nine agent of the nine for
this week xvi will sell wings of the
ruin that they are gloves we say for
the titan class fairly strong ce
they have them in many if you don't have them
advice to buy them the gutter radar for
the soccer player
the cam as active cammarano binds
that are how many long new ones
are the new ones of the dlc produced for
the wizard are very very nice
I would buy myself back if it weren't for I already am
in place regarding the i
exotic weapons equipment and
isolated on the level of paraphernalia then
time and patience
the exotic precision rifle
see the new one then that starts from
302 attack to get to 331 this one
the less I buy here live with you
because it can always serve for the ca
you never know
an exotic fragment thankfully not me
serves and a great exotic for the head
which I bought but gave me
basically something I don't
I really needed nothing and then I did it
sold without much thinking about it, we enhance it
internally exotic this week
sells potentially for black c
of the wolf to the facesse then chest for the
lucky raspberry footballer always
collection for access and
tops hunter
I top the wolf alpha an access
nice for the titan class no floor
reserve as those real titan
heart the fruit of the plastic fire chest
for the sorcerer and the spurs and alone
always how many for the sorcerer on the level
of weapons instead sells many instrument
drive the universal remote back
floor c
excellent advice and truth I will
I would recommend if you have the back of it
enhance it absolutely as well as of
upgrade them a
a price of the equipment
absolutely if you haven't yet
done
so what is very, very useful
weapons in these weeks council of
buy it time and patience if not
you have it because in replacement of the
icebreaker, however, is iron
man who followed a heavy good weapon
that you see padania d'arco so I am
fairly rare those who do
arc damage and are very good therefore
night falls with arc damage
boosted he will surely need sells
even the summaries you see someone the
usually the cost of a strange coin if
they should always serve you in the councils
buy them let me know you that
purchases you have planned this
week
leave it here signed in the comments
leave me also a like and if you don't have
still done
subscribe to the channel to continue news
guides solutions and insights on
world of destinies a greeting rapani that
See you at the next video